Pii docs revamp (#460)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/data-privacy/pii-data-architecture-specifications.md

## Encryption

All PII is encrypted with a unique key for each store. The [Profile System](#profile-system) uses AES GCM with an encryption key of 256 bits. VTEX does not share the encryption keys with any external entity, not even with the corresponding merchants.

## Tokenization

All PII is tokenized, meaning it is indexed under a token, which is a unique shopper ID internal to VTEX.

The diagram below exemplifies this communication in the case of a [Get order request](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#get-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-) from the payments module to order management.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
	Payments->>Order management: Get order
	Order management->>Payments: Order information with pseudonymised profile data
```

Modules may need to index PII information for purposes such as search. In this case, the data is hashed, meaning it can not be reversed. This minimizes requests to the [Profile System](#profile-system) and overall latency of the shopping experience.

See how the platform hashes this data in this case:

> 1. Concatenate information with an account specific salt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Concatenate information with an account-specific salt.
```

2. Apply SHA256 to the resulting string.

This process is irreversible. So the information is safe even if the request indexer data becomes exposed.

## Masked data by default

PII is masked by default. This means that when you access a shopper's order history in VTEX Admin panel or when you request their profile information via API, for example, any PII information returned will be masked.

> However, unmasked data can be requested by modules, integrations, and store operators with the appropriate [permissions](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/roles--7HKK5Uau2H6wxE1rH5oRbc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unmasked data can be requested by modules, integrations, and store operators with the appropriate [permissions](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/roles--7HKK5Uau2H6wxE1rH5oRbc).
```

See examples, as returned by [Profile System APIs](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/profile-system#masked-data).

Masked profile:

> 

Reviewer: Talvez seja interessante colocar em uma tabela para não atrapalhar a leitura com códigos mt longos:

<table>
<tr>
<td> Masked profile </td> <td> Unasked profile </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td> 
<pre>
{
    "id": "70caf394-8534-447e-a0ca-1803c669c771",
    "meta": {
        "version": "abc",
        "author": "e40e0b6d-0605-4fa6-8176-1d69fbaf0818",
        "creationDate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z",
        "lastUpdate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "document": {
        "firstName": "J***",
        "lastName": "D**",
        "email": "j***.d**@e******.c**",
        "birthDate": "1925-11-17",
        "document": "1**********",
        "documentType": "CPF"
    }
}
</pre>
</td>
<td>
<pre>
{
    "id": "70caf394-8534-447e-a0ca-1803c669c771",
    "document": {
        "firstName": "John",
        "lastName": "Doe",
        "email": "john.doe@example.com",
        "birthDate": "1925-11-17",
        "document": "12345678911",
        "documentType": "CPF"
    },
    "meta": {
        "version": "abc",
        "author": "e40e0b6d-0605-4fa6-8176-1d69fbaf0818",
        "creationDate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z",
        "lastUpdate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z"
    }
}
</pre>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

```
{
    "id": "70caf394-8534-447e-a0ca-1803c669c771",
    "meta": {
        "version": "abc",
        "author": "e40e0b6d-0605-4fa6-8176-1d69fbaf0818",
        "creationDate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z",
        "lastUpdate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "document": {
        "firstName": "J***",
        "lastName": "D**",
        "email": "j***.d**@e******.c**",
        "birthDate": "1925-11-17",
        "document": "1**********",
        "documentType": "CPF"
    }
}
```

Unmasked profile:

```
{
    "id": "70caf394-8534-447e-a0ca-1803c669c771",
    "document": {
        "firstName": "John",
        "lastName": "Doe",
        "email": "john.doe@example.com",
        "birthDate": "1925-11-17",
        "document": "12345678911",
        "documentType": "CPF"
    },
    "meta": {
        "version": "abc",
        "author": "e40e0b6d-0605-4fa6-8176-1d69fbaf0818",
        "creationDate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z",
        "lastUpdate": "13/12/2021T00:00:00Z"
    }
}
```

>ℹ️ Learn more about retrieving unmasked data with the [Profile System integration guide](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/profile-system#masked-data).

## Auditability

> The VTEX platform enables stores to audit actions of store operators with the [Audit module](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/searching-for-events-on-audit--5RXf9WJ5YLFBcS8q8KcxTA), including actions related to personal data and PII.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [**Audit** module](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/searching-for-events-on-audit--5RXf9WJ5YLFBcS8q8KcxTA) enables stores to audit the actions of store operators, including actions related to personal data and PII.
```

> Every successful request to unmasked personal data and PII generates a log on [Audit](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/searching-for-events-on-audit--5RXf9WJ5YLFBcS8q8KcxTA). This includes the Id of the store operator that requested this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every successful request to unmasked personal data and PII generates a log on [**Audit**](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/searching-for-events-on-audit--5RXf9WJ5YLFBcS8q8KcxTA). This includes the ID of the store operator that requested this information.
```

> You can see the [list of events available on Audit](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/eventos-disponiveis-no-audit--6r1Mzcu5NmkmmDLJlz9CCZ), but stores using the PII data architecture also log Profile System events, which you can see in the [Profile System integration guide](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/profile-system#auditability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the [list of events available on **Audit**](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/eventos-disponiveis-no-audit--6r1Mzcu5NmkmmDLJlz9CCZ). 

Stores using the PII data architecture can also log **Profile System** events, which you can see in the [**Profile System** integration guide](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/profile-system#auditability).
```

## Marketplaces

The VTEX platform enables your store to be a marketplace and a seller to other marketplaces at the same time. Data privacy processes may impact your store in different ways depending on the roles your operation assumes in this context.

### Your store is the marketplace

> Shopper data belongs to the marketplace, so all specifications described above apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopper data belongs to the marketplace. Hence, all specifications described above apply.
```

Reviewer: Ao invés de "above",  talvez seja melhor linkar a seção.

Author: Entendo, mas acho que não se aplica aqui, pq quando digo "specifications", tô falando do artigo praticamente inteiro.

> Fullfilment information is shared with the seller, so you must make sure that your associated sellers are also compliant with data privacy laws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, fulfillment information is shared with the seller. Therefore, you must ensure that your associated sellers also comply with data privacy laws.
```

### Your store is the seller

> The specifications described above apply to the fulfillment data received by your store from the marketplace.

Reviewer: Ao invés de "above",  talvez seja melhor linkar a seção.

> The marketplace is your source of data, so you must guarantee that marketplaces associated with your store are also compliant with data privacy laws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The marketplace is your data source, so you must guarantee that marketplaces associated with your store also comply with data privacy laws.
```

## PII data architecture integration changes

> Due to the changes in data architecture made for the PII data architecture, it has some differences in implementation when compared to the previous version, such as API contracts and how information is displayed. See this article about [Changes and limitations of the PII data architecture](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/changes-and-limitations-pii-data-architecture). This document is constantly updated to reflect the evolution of the PII data architecture.

Reviewer: Hmmmmm... Eu achei essa parte de "changes" meio confusa. Se são mudanças de uma versão para a outra, talvez seja melhor ser mais específico em relação a isso.

Author: Tentei dar um resumo com exemplos genéricos na primeira frase e os detalhes estão no artigo linkado. Como você imagina uma versão que seja mais específica?
